[Cloud]: Add credentials registry landing page (#876)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.2/credentials/container_registry_credentials.md

---
title: "Container registry credentials"
description: "Configure container registry credentials for the Wave container service in Seqera Platform."
date created: "2025-10-21"
last updated: "2025-10-21"
tags: [credentials, container-registry, wave, docker, authentication]
---

From version 22.3, Seqera Platform supports the configuration of credentials for the Nextflow Wave container service to authenticate to private and public container registries. For more information about Wave container service, see [Wave containers](https://docs.seqera.io/wave).

:::note

> Container registry credentials are only used by the Wave container service. Add `wave { enabled=true }` to the **Nextflow config** field on the launch page, or to your `nextflow.config` file, for your pipeline execution to use Wave containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container registry credentials are only used by Wave containers. Enable Wave when you create a [compute environment](../compute-envs/overview) in Seqera, or add `wave { enabled=true }` to your `nextflow.config` file, for your pipeline execution to use Wave containers.
```
